# Usage
### Example usage
Here’s a quick example of how to use `simulateTestCases`:

```python
from simulateTestCases.run_sim import run_sim

# Initialize the runner with configuration file
sim = run_sim('naca0012_simInfo.yaml', 'output_dir')

# Run the simulation series
sim.run_problem()

# Analyze results
sim.post_process()
```

The above script runs a simulation of the NACA 0012 Airfoil, and is included in the `examples` folder. 

**To run the above python script:**

- Copy the examples directory to a different location:

``` cp -r examples <Path to directory to save copy of examples> ```

- Navigate into the directory:

``` cd <Path to directory to save copy of examples>/examples ```

- Run the python script with a single processor:

``` python run_naca0012.py```

or run with multiple processors

 ``` mpirun -np <number of processors> python run_naca0012.py``` to run using multiple processors

After execution, the results are saved in the specified output directory. Key outputs include:

- Simulation outputs in structured directories for each refinement and angle of attack (AOA) level.
- Plots and analysis results, including comparisons with experimental data.
- Generated YAML files, summarizing simulation and output information.


### Grid Files
Grids for NACA 0012 and Mc Donnell Dolugas 30P-30N are provided under `grids` in the examples directory. The other grids (CRM clean, and DLR High-Lift) including Naca 0012 and 30P-30N can be found at [Dropbox folder](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/fezdu5be849c78vze7l19/ACCsSHpLGEwCcyFEPWj2FB0?rlkey=ixbr0606y3vx5eadrs61b9cz3&st=i4evwxed&dl=0).

## Methods
### 1. run_problem()
This method, when called runs the simulations, generates the `aoa_<aoa>.yaml` in each AOA level directory, `ADflow_out.csv` in each refinement level directory, and `overall_sim_info.yaml` in the ouput directory specified by the user, along with the oututs generated by ADflow. and stores the outputs in a structure manner. No additional outputs are need to run this method.

### 2. post_process()
A plot comparing the experimental data vs the Adflow output at all refinement levels can be genrated using this methods. Similar to the method described above, no additional inputs are need. This method can eother be run along with `run_problem()` or independently at a later time.
